NL - Non-Lethal

-Perez Holdings Plan - Become a monopolistic and powerful bank:
2: Not doing/failing Bank Heist
or
7: Destroy Gems
12: Steal finance tech from Kanker and Co. - Negative to Kanker and positive to Perez, vice versa if failed (lose money while this isn't done)
19: Protect main vault - Mercenaries are coming in droves, killing them gives you points to spend on better guards to place down in certain locations 
24: Execute members of government that would prevent a banking monopoly (Lose money while this isn't done)
35: Influence government to choose Perez as main bank of government (Lose money while this isn't done) (Needs 24 done and 32 not done)
41: Defend head office from those rioting over increased interest rates and terrible treatment (Lose money while this isn't done) (needs 35 done and 43,32 not done) Goes straight to end game


	-Kanker and Co Plan - Be a giant military force to start taking over countries:
	2: Bank heist
	and
	7: Ignore or take and fail Destroy Gems
	13: kidnap scientist to make super weapon
	16: Destroy Big Tank that could stop whole plan (The tank is accessible at any point, but you want to gather as many resources as possible to know how to destroy it.) 
	32: Take Control of manufacturing plant (needs 13 and 16 done, and 35 not done)
	43: Charge super weapon (needs 32 done, and 35 not done) Goes straight to end game

-Ungulate Studios Plan - Keep Evil corporations in check:
4: kidnap girl
11: Shut down Hiertech Chemical Plant - Negative to Hiertech, positive to Ungulate and vice versa if failed (
22: Stop Contraband Runners (stop cars from getting loaded with contraband. Some armored machine gun cars between the stocking buildings of which there's 3)
29: Prevent Theft of Museum artifacts
36: Prison Break, break into prison secretly, and sneak a few wrongfully convicted inmates out - NL besides ghosts that haunt the place
42: Run Down, Chase Kanker and Co informant and kill him. Through doors, traps, he'll throw stuff to block the path, shoot at you, etc. Trying to get away to his car. Catch him before that! 
49: Mobilize Army and take the fight to Kanker and Co (dependent on level 7 not being done? Or maybe just not being defeated yet)

-Yellerteeth Inc. Plan - Steal every ninja artifact and kill ninja leader for revenge:
3: Amulet of Hecto
9: Ring of Tarpho 
21: Jewel of Barfo, Ghost ninjas too 
27: Vambrace of Mortuban 
33: Eye of Gutran
39: Destroy Ninja Hierarchy (kill all ninja leaders) (need standing > 2)
45: Ninja Retaliation, Fight off onslaught of ninjas until they're all dead. Protect the ninja-themed birthday party. (need standing > 4)

-Hiertech Plan - To be profitable by any means necessary:
5: Save girl
15: Recruit Ninjas by completing a combat challenge against their best warriors (boss rush?)
18: Kill Old Ladies
28: Contraband (Move contraband from building and load up cars while fighting off cops. When holding boxes, you can't shoot.)
30: Steal Art (3 paintings)
37: Hijack Ship - NL (without killing crew cause they need to drive the boat. Lure and lock guards in any of the 3 brigs on the ship to make them set sail)
46: Destroy Rival, Take out Ungulate by wiring money from their banks to Hiertech

-Gildebrand Consulting Plan - Help people with small requests, and make life better for everyone:
8: Eradicate spiders (standing > -2)
17: Help Old Ladies to cross the street (standing > 2)
26: Cover Graveyard Watch for 5 minutes - NL (standing > -2)
34: Chase down a criminal for trial. He sets traps, things that slow you down like barriers that you have to shoot things to get through. Also turrets to kill on the way. (standing > 0)
44: Save Hostages, in Maze that keeps changing every 60 seconds. (standing > 0)
47: Ghost Infestation, Bunch of powerful ghosts in a house. Activate things to get them to come out and you try to kill them. (standing > -2)
50: Evacuate Town, avoid super-weapon blasts and evacuate each building before they get destroyed. (contingent upon success of level 43 and 48 either failed or not done)


Others:
1: Kill gang leader
6: Ghost
10: Dinner Party (solve murder and painting theft) - NL
14: Gun Club - NL (the local gun club stole my weapon from me, and they won't give it back. They're armed and will shoot, but please don't kill any of them. They're my dad's friends I'll only give you a reward if you can get my gun back without bloodshed. 
20: Quest for the Golden Sword
23: Loot abandoned pirate ship. (Cricle from contraband level)
25: Vandalize Gravestones for fun - NL
31: Kill Head of Security
//38: Want Some Stuff? This guy wants to sell you some good stuff. Just need to find him in a haunted mansion. You won't be able to sell these items back. Sells you really a couple good weapons and gadgets. 
40: Race for money (can be redone as many times as you want)
//48: Destroy super weapon and stop kanker and Co - President
51: End Game (incessent knocking at the door of the armory? Everything in shambles?)

-Rivals:
Perez and Kanker: when one goes up, the other one generally goes down. For net worth, and standing is specific per mission
Ungulate and Gildebrand and Hiertech: Net worth is opposite each other for some things, but standing is easy to affect for hiertech just doing missions for the others. 
Yellerteeth doesn't like ninjas



If a company is bankrupt, remove those levels from the level select. 

If a mission has to do with affecting a company that's already bankrupt, remove these levels as well. Increase standing and net worth of that company a chunk. 


Level List:

1: Kill gang leader
2: Bank Heist
3: Amulet of hecto
4: kidnap girl
or
5: Save girl
6: Ghost
7: Destroy Gems
8: Eradicate spiders
9: Ring of Tarpho
10: Dinner Party (solve murder and painting theft) - NL
11: Shut down Hiertech Chemical Plant
12: Steal finance tech from Kanker and Co.
13: Kidnap scientist to make super weapon
14: Gun Club - NL
15: Recruit Ninjas - Bad for Yellerteeth
16: Destroy Big Tank that could stop whole plan
17: Help Old Ladies to cross the street
or
18: Kill Benefactors
19: Protect Main Vault
20: Quest for the Golden Sword 
21: Jewel of Barfo
22: Stop Contraband Runner (stop cars from getting loaded with contrabawwnd. Some armored machine gun cars between the stocking buildings of which there's 3)
23: Loot abandoned pirate ship
24: Execute members of government that would prevent a banking monopoly
25: Vandalize Gravestones for fun - NL
or
26: Cover Graveyard Watch for 3 minutes - NL
27: Vambrace of Mortuban (plan the heist on location first, look around, and then execute it. Have something to start the mission. Like the car again, but a different object)
28: Contraband
29: Prevent Art Theft (enemies are stealthy. Have to find and stop them. Gameplay like Night Trap with multiple screens to switch between?)
or
30: Steal Art (3 paintings)
or
31: Kill the head of security
32: Take Control of manufacturing plant
33: Eye of Gutran
	34: Chase down Criminal
	35: Influence government to choose Perez as main bank of government (Lose money while this isn't done)
	36: Prison Break, break into prison secretly, and sneak a few wrongfully convicted inmates out - NL besides ghosts that haunt the place?
	37: Hijack Ship - NL
	38: Want Some Stuff?
	39: Defend the artifacts
	40: Race (only awards 2000 for a win, 1000 for 2nd, and 500 for 3rd. Hard race. Can be played as many times as you want. 500 to enter)
	41: Defend head office from those rioting over increased interest rates and terrible treatment (Lose money while this isn't done)
	42: Run Down
43: Charge super weapon
		44: Save Hostages
		45: Ninja Birthday Party (artifact boss design with all 5 things on it. Amulet is shield, Jewel is power source, Eye is head and shoots lasers, ring shoots homing missiles, vambrace)
		46: Destroy Rivals
		47: Ghost Infestation
		48: Destroy super weapon and stop kanker and Co
		49: Mobilize Army
		50: Evacuate Town
		51: End Game. The Armory gets invaded! Fight your way through and get the ending that you are the best mercenary if they all came for you directly. You've made it. The merchants are 
			dead. Knives and stuff in em. Put stairs in the Armory and lock the door? Lowest standing company that's not bankrupt comes after you? 
		
Then you get a breakdown of your ending, how many levels you played out of the total amount, Total number of deaths, Final Money count, 
Mercenary Rating(based on total levels completed, minus failed levels, minus every death, plus total money, plus each weapon you have, plus/minus the standing you have with each company since mercenaries want to keep clients happy)