17:

We need some help. We have some older benefactors who believe in our
business practices who need help walking home from a conference. 
They are a big reason we stay afloat, so we need them to stay safe. 
Usually this would be no problem, but we've heard reports of Hiertech
intentionally running his smuggling operation in this part of town
in order to kill as many of our benefactors as possible. 

They'll be driving the big, armored vehicles that will be exceeding
the speed limit. They might even swerve to hit them, so be very 
careful leading them across the road. 

They will tell you where you need to go. Just follow their direction,
and bring them home alive. 

18:

Gildebrand Consulting has been out to get us for years now, and we
finally have a chance to deal a major blow to their finances. The
three benefactors that we are targeting today are usually in
impenetrable mansions, but they will be walking home from a
conference soon. This is our only chance to get to them and end
Gildebrand Consulting's funding once and for all! 

While our smugglers are driving around town, I want you to find
the benefactors and run them over. Once you're done with that, 
dump the car, and leave in your own. This will really solidify
Hiertech as a lasting power in the industry. 

19:

Our main vault is under attack! We need you to come stop the 
mercenaries hired by Kanker and Co. because our main force
isn't well equipped for this right now. There could be 
hundreds of them coming to brute-force their way to the vault,
so we'll be able to send help based on how confident our guards
are. 

The more mercenaries you kill, the higher the guards confidence
will be, and you can spend those confidence points to convince
our guards to come out and help. The more well-equipped guards
will be harder to convince. There are set locations where the 
guards will stand at to assist you based on where you are when
you convince them. 

There will be roughly 60 seconds after you get there to prep
and get ready. This will be a hard-fought battle. 

20:

The Golden Sword

21:

We need you to steal the Jewel of Barfo. Only a worthy ninja
may step into the presence of the Jewel. So, you must not only
become a ninja, but you must also become one of the highest
regarded ninjas ever. The Horoban Ninja clan is holding a 
try-out for newcomers, and this will be your opening. 

If you finish the ninja challenges with a high enough score, 
they will let you into the Jewel room. Then you will steal it.
Easy enough. 

You cannot bring any guns. If you do, you won't be allowed in. 

22:

Hiertech's at it again. His posse of contraband runners is 
planning to load up again soon. Your job is to stop them.

You will have just a few minutes to stop all 4 cars from 
leaving. You'll need to locate them, and kill the guards 
and drivers. 

Please leave any contraband you find on the ground. If you
leave with any of it, I'll have to dock your pay since that's
stealing. We'll dispose of any contraband we find there after
you leave. 

23:

Loot the lost Pirate Ship of Swehle Buckos

24:

We are trying to covertely pass a bill that will make an
exception for us to become a banking monopoly. But, there
are two members of the government that will cause the bill
to fail. They happen to live next to each other, so sneak 

into their homes and kill them. They are locked and 
alarmed, so make as little noise as possible. If you wake
them up, they might call the cops or fight back. 

25:

We want to vandalize some gravestones for fun. 

26:

Stop vandalizing graves

27:

We need you to steal the Vambrace of Mortuban. Problem is, we 
don't have any information to go off of except the fact
that it's in the Ninja Records Office. We need you to 
scope out the area, learn everything you can about the
guards patrols, the location of the Vambrace, and anything
else about their security system. 

Once you're ready, we'll start the theft at night. If
you're found out, the Vambrace will be burned. It's
so valuable, that it's better to destroy it than to let
anyone else have it. Do not let this happen. 

28:

There's one last shipment of contraband we need for this
month's quota to be met. Trouble is, my best guy Frank
just quit. We need you to step in and take his place. 

Load up all the cargo in the armored car, and then the driver
will head out. I'm worried that Frank might've tipped off
the cops, though. 

29:

Hiertech is trying to steal the most expensive art at the
modern art museum. We need to stop them. They will most
likely send several of their most stealthy agents, so 
you'll need to be on watch for a bunch of them coming
in through any means necessary. 

We'll give you access to the map with the locations
of the paintings on it when you're there. 

We'll deduct from your pay for each art piece lost. 

30:

We've heard about three very valuable paintings in the
local modern art museum that are here for just a limited
period of time. Your job is to steal them for us. They 
are kept under heavy security, so you must not raise
any alarms. If you do, they'll go into maximum security
mode, and the paintings will be gone forever. 

31:

I have a unique opportunity to kill the head of security
over the three valuable paintings that are in the modern
art museum. Since they're only here for a short time, this
is our only opportunity to kill the head of security. 

He's a horrible person who didn't get convicted of the 
murder of my parents because of an evidence mix-up. Now 
he's finally within my grasp! I've been waiting for a 
moment like this for years. Just kill him, and get out of 
there. 

32:

We're almost there. Just one more step before we can 
take over the world. There's a specialized plant
that manufactures the parts we need to produce the
ghost army machine, or GAM as we call it. 

We need you to clear out the guards, shut down the
plant, and input our software into the machine.
Once that's done, we'll take it from there. 

33:

We finally found the location of the Eye of Gutran.
It's with the Karnakas Ninja clan. Weirdly enough,
there's no challenges mentioned or anything. It 
seems like the Karnakas clan has been disbanded
years ago, making this the easiest artifact to
steal yet. 

Once you break into the stronghold, it should be
located on a central pedestal. Just head on in
and grab it. 

34:

There's an escaped convict on the loose. I think
he works for Yellerteeth Inc. He's something of 
a specialist on the ways of the ninja, so we're
thinking he was broken out by them. We need you
to apprehend him and bring him to justice. Or,
if you want to get a lesser reward, you can kill
him instead. 

He will be hard to catch since he will have
some tricks up his sleeve. Don't let them get
to you, and don't let him get away! 

35:



36:

We need you to break out a wrongfully convicted
person from prison. Perez Holdings framed them 
when he showed he had proof of some shady
dealings. 

The guards haven't done anything wrong, but they
will shoot on sight. Don't kill any of them or
your reward will be zero. 

We have the map that shows you how to get to
his cell, but you have to figure out how to
get in and out. 

37:

There's an oil tanker that we need you to
hijack to divert its payload elsewhere. It's 
one of many ships that come through this area
and if one gets hijacked, that'll cause every
company to leave, and coincidentally, break 
all ties with the Perez Holdings bank. 

All you need to do is change the security 
codes on the bottom level, then lock all the
guards in any one of the detainment cells. 
Keep them all alive because we'll need them
all as hostages. And we need the crew alive
to drive the boat. 

38:

Tirangle level thing I think 

39:

This is it. The final blow to all the ninja
clans. A meeting is being held where all 
the big-wigs are gonna be. I need you to
plant a secret bomb in either the 
community soup, ninja eggs, or in the 
sacred bread. 

They roll dice to see what food they 
bring with them into the meeting. You'll 
have just a few minutes to decipher what
they're taking, plant the bomb, and escape.
All without being spotted once. If they 
catch a whiff of you being there, they'll
call off the whole meeting. 

40:

We have an underground racing organization,
that we think you'll be interested in. 
There's a $500 buy-in, but here's the 
payout rates:
1st: $2500
2nd: $1000
3rd: $500

If you're interested, just come on by. 
We'll have some rides to choose from.

41:

We have a problem. Now that we're the sole
bank for the whole country, we've jacked 
up all the interest rates, and people 
aren't very happy with us. At least those
with no money. They're banding together
to attack our head office. Hundreds of
them. 

There're too many for our snipers to 
take out, so as they come into the building,
we need you to kill them. I think they're
trying to take out the supports of the 
office to bring everything down. Don't 
let them plant their bombs! Just a few
explosions, and the integrity of the
construction will be gone. 

42: 





43:








45: 




























